♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and
dangerous seas are known
as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these
waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the pirates
in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became
rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
[LUFFY] I'm gonna be
the King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Responding to a distress signal,
they land on the island
of Punk Hazard.
There, Luffy forms
an alliance with
the Warlord Trafalgar Law
and goes into battle
against Caesar Clown,
Master of the island,
but Luffy proves no match for
Caesar's mysterious powers.
Meanwhile, Law also faces defeat
at the hands of the Navy G-5
base commander Vergo.
The children are suffering!
Why would you take them
away from my warm,
safe lab?
[NAMI (SANJI)]
What?
[USOPP]
Special Attack! Fire Bird Star!
[BROWNBEARD]
I'm gonna smash you!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Gastanet!
That looks bad.
Do you think he's okay?
[BOTH gasp]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Gastanet!
[crash]
[LUFFY]
"Shaking Up the New World!
Caesar's Horrendous Experiment!"
[MARINES yelling]
[MARINE A]
Open up!
Dammit!
We'll never get through!
Hey! Let us in, you bastards!
Return Smoker and
Tashigi to us or else!
[pounding]
Hey, uh, those giant
slime monster things?
They crawled off, but they
might come back, y'know.
Just forget 'em!
Saving Smoker and Tashigi's
all that matters right now!
Hey, Caesar! Open up!
[MARINES gasp]
What the--? An airship?
[CHILDREN whining]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Shurorororo!
Come, come,
children, follow me!
You're back home now,
safe and sound.
Don't ever run off and make
me worry like that again.
Yes. Thank you, Master.
Please, Master.
Give me the candy now.
[GIRL A]
Master! I want the candy!
Give it to me!
[DOLAN]
My head hurts so much!
Master! I need the candy!
Of course, children,
you can have it right away.
[CHILDREN]
Ah!
[CAESAR CLOWN] First things
first, you just need to follow
the friendly men in the
funny suits back to
the Biscuit Room.
I've left enough candy in there
to stuff your bellies full.
Sound good?
I'm going to my science lab now,
but I'll see you all very soon.
Everyone behave yourselves and
toddle off to your room,
and eat as much of the
yummy candy as you want!
[CHILDREN]
Yay!
Let's go!
Take us to our room,
mister sheep man!
[SUBORDINATE A]
Sure, kids, follow me.
[BOY A]
To the Biscuit Room!
[GIRL B]
Gimme the candy!
All right, listen up.
Once you get them all inside,
you lock that door tight.
And don't ever let
them get out again.
Or there'll be hell to pay.
[SUBORDINATE B]
Of course, sir.
This place. It's scary.
[SUBORDINATE B]
Hey!
What's wrong with ya,
ya little bra--
Ha. I mean, little princess?
Huh? Is somethin' the matter?
[MOCHA whimpers]
[SUBORDINATE B]
Cheer up, now.
Don't ya wanna go
back to your room?
Ya better hurry
so the other kids
don't eat all the sweet candy.
[MOCHA screams]
[SUBORDINATE B]
Whoa! What the--?
[MOCHA crying]
He's a bad guy, okay?
He's gonna put you in that lab
and never let you go!
Outta my way!
[USOPP grunts]
[NAMI (SANJI)]
Usopp!
[BOY B]
Master, give me the candy!
[CHILDREN groaning]
There you go.
Come along, children.
I'll take good care of you.
Don't listen to a word he says!
He's trying to trick you!
Don't you want to go home?
[SUBORDINATES]
Securing door!
[MOCHA]
No! Let me out, I wanna leave!
[SUBORDINATE C]
Huh? Don't be crazy, kid.
It's freezing out there
and we're not even
on the ground floor.
Now, go back to your room.
No! Please save me, Nami!
Mocha?
Hey!
Quit slowin' us down,
I want the candy!
[MOCHA gasps]
C'mon, that's a good girl.
Back to your room now.
Don't ya want candy?
Ya can't get none
if ya don't go.
[laughing]
You're scary! You're monsters!
Stay back! Let me go!
I wanna be with the nice
lady and her friends
like before!
Is this some kind of
punishment for being bad?
I see now!
I should've listened
to what they told me!
I'm so sorry!
Please help me!
I promise I'll be good!
[SUBORDINATE D] Knock it off!
Get away from the door!
[SUBORDINATE C] Dammit!
What a royal pain in the ass!
Please save me!
I'm sorry!
[yells]
Please, Nami!
Ow!
Can't believe I'm alive.
Poor Sanji's body is all
banged up and bloody,
but still.
I'm grateful it's so resilient.
Thanks, Sanji.
I owe you big time.
[gasps] He got the kids!
Usopp!
Hang in there!
Can you hear me?
You brought me back
from the brink of death.
Thanks, Sanji.
It's Nami, moron.
Hey!
Try not to sound
so disappointed!
Now, c'mon.
Shake it off and
get on your feet.
We've gotta save the kids
from that creep.
Let's go! Right now, Usopp!
Do you need any milk?
[VERGO]
No, the cream here is fine.
You don't have to wait
on me hand and foot,
you know.
Perhaps you can tell me
what's taking Caesar so long.
[MONET]
Your timing couldn't be better.
Shurorororo!
Hello, Vergo.
Sorry for the wait.
[VERGO]
Not a problem.
I've been snacking
on coffee and cookies.
Strange.
Did I eat all the cookies?
[MONET] There were no
cookies, just coffee.
Oh, that's right.
I guess I wasn't
snacking on cookies.
How much longer until
the experiment begins?
Soon, I hope.
Very soon.
Monet. The video, please.
[MONET]
Of course.
By the way...
Can't you do something
about your men?
I wish you'd keep them
on a tighter leash.
Honestly.
I broke into a cold sweat
when I realized
Smoker had set
foot on my island.
Well. He's like a wild dog.
There's no leash tight enough.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
So you say.
But I find that Sea
Prism Stone works.
Oh, Law.
You look fetching in chains.
So grim.
Shurorororo!
Well, it must've been
upsetting to realize
you were helpless
against Vergo. Right?
The little deal we
struck worked out quite
handsomely for me.
So I'll allow you
to stay on my island.
And in exchange,
you'll provide my men
with legs.
And I'd like to add
one more condition.
You see, simply put,
you're more powerful
than I am.
And to be frank,
that makes me nervous.
I am the boss of
this island, after all.
So if you wish to stay here,
I'm gonna need some insurance.
I have no intention
of causing you harm.
Whatever you need, I'll do it.
Well then, Law.
How does this sound to you?
I'm sure you noticed
my dear secretary Monet
sitting over there.
I will entrust you
with her heart.
Monet? Understood?
[MONET]
Yes. Fine with me.
And, in exchange,
I hold onto your heart
for safekeeping.
What do you say, do we
have ourselves a deal?
This way, we both
have each other by
the figurative throat.
It ensures that you won't
try anything funny,
and allows me to rest easy.
Shurorororo!
[CAESAR CLOWN] It's always
a bad idea to put your trust
in others.
Well, you reap what
you sow, right?
A tough lesson for you
to learn, no doubt.
If you're worried
about your heart,
Vergo's taking good care of it.
[LAW yells]
[LUFFY]
Hey!
[LAW yells]
I know you're a
rather shrewd man,
but you never thought
to worry about my secretary.
Needless to say, she's not the
woman you thought she was.
And she overheard
your entire plan.
[LAW grunts]
Oh, crap!
You okay, man? Traffy!
[CAESAR CLOWN] I know exactly
what you were plotting
against me.
I'm so disappointed, Law.
Really.
Here I had gone
and convinced myself
that I had finally
found a friend.
So your clever secretary
saved your hide, huh?
Well, fine.
I can admit that I should've
been wary of her.
That one's on me.
I just didn't expect someone
so smart to work
for such a dumbass.
[CAESAR CLOWN growls]
[LAW yells]
Watch what you say to me!
Boorish fool!
You're kind of amazing.
He took your heart
and you're still alive?
Undone by your own powers, huh?
That is some record-
breaking stupidity.
Pathetic. What the hell'd
you do with mine?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Shurorororo!
Oh, do you mean this heart here?
Poor Smo--
[MONET]
Master.
I've pulled up the video feed,
just as you instructed.
Really?
Luck is on your side, Smoker.
Shirorororo!
All right. Let's see it.
That's candy? It's huge!
This is bad. I know it.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Shurorororo...
Shurorororo!
At long last!
[MARINES chattering]
[MARINE I]
Hey!
There's somethin'
projected up there!
[MARINE G] The hell's that
thing? Where is it?
It looks like...
It's candy!
A huge piece of candy!
[MARINE H]
Well that's weird.
When'd that video
snail get here?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Greetings, unlawful brokers.
Thanks for tuning in.
The show will be
starting shortly.
A horde of fragmented
Smilies are currently
on route from the Burning Lands.
And soon enough,
they will all converge here
at this central point of the Ice
Lands.
Upon this happy reunion,
they will all merge into one.
When they do, we'll have
one lovely Smiley,
huge and deadly.
Then our experiment will begin.
You see, my Smiley,
he's the living incarnation
of the toxic H2S gas.
In fact, I've already utilized
Smiley once before,
four years ago,
to kill this island!
It's some kind of gas monster?
There was one problem
with my last test.
Although they were
saturated with poison,
my weakened subjects were
still able to evacuate.
A true disappointment.
Now, this time,
I've devised a helpful remedy.
A bit of a boost.
A special meal to stimulate
Smiley's toxic form.
It provides an added effect
to his poisonous composition.
One that will transform
him into a perfect
weapon of mass destruction!
You're about to witness
the birth of a new weapon,
one that I call...
Land of the Dead!
[ZORO]
They're right behind us!
Is it even possible to outrun
these damn things?
[BROOK]
It's gaining on us!
[SMILEY roars]
Aw, crap, it looks like it's
finished forming
into one blob!
Perchance one of you could
explain this beast
to me? What is it?
[ZORO]
What difference does it make?
Just keep running!
[BROOK]
Huh? Do you guys see that?
Am I hallucinating from fatigue?
Is that a piece of candy?
[SANJI (NAMI)] Seriously,
how dumb can this day get?
[ZORO] There's people down
there! Beneath it!
[SUBORDINATE E] Master,
we have visual of a large,
gelatinous creature.
I've got a feeling it's Smiley.
We're preparing the video.
We'll project the feed onto
the fog as planned.
Perfect. Clear the area
once you're done.
And you'll want to do it
quickly because it's about
to get dangerous out there.
The dragon sled
should do the trick.
[SUBORDINATE E gasps]
Something wrong?
[SUBORDINATE E]
What is that?
We've got a problem!
There's some chemical
melting the sled!
It's completely useless now!
We're stranded!
[DRAGON A growls]
[SUBORDINATE F]
How did this even happen?
Where the hell did this
chemical come from?
It's eating right
through the wood!
[SUBORDINATE E]
No! The dragon's running off!
[SUBORDINATE F] It's one
catastrophe after another!
[CAESAR CLOWN] What?
Oh, my, that's terrible!
Curses!
I'm so worried for your safety!
Not convincing.
Listen to me!
You'll have to run for it!
Your suits won't protect
you and they'll just
slow you down!
Quickly, take them off!
And then run to the lab!
As fast as you can!
[SUBORDINATE E]
What? Well, if you say so!
[SUBORDINATE F] He wants us
to take off the suits?
[SUBORDINATE E]
Has the Master ever been wrong?
He knows what
he's talking about!
Now do as he says!
[SUBORDINATE F]
Right!
[SUBORDINATES chattering]
[SUBORDINATE E]
Run for it!
[SMILEY growls]
All right.
Here's hopin' this works!
[BROOK]
What?
There's a huge
floating face now!
Is it the ghost of a giant?
Will you quit getting
distracted by other crap?
Just focus on running!
My sweet Smiley!
How I have longed
to see your face!
After all these years!
[SMILEY growls]
That's right!
Oh, Smiley! You remember me!
It's so good to see you again!
There's a special
surprise for you,
a delicious snack!
Not yet!
Wait, Smiley, hold on!
You must be patient
for a moment.
Shurorororo!
There you go, good boy, obey me.
Remember that I'm your master.
Wait! I told you to wait!
You and I have so much
catching up to do first.
There was that one time.
Remember?
Yes. It was four years ago!
[CAESAR CLOWN yells]
Ah... ah... ah--?
Okay.
Sure, okay, I wanted
you to eat it now,
good boy!
[MONET] Yeah, he's not
listening to a word you say.
[BROOK]
So tired!
[ZORO]
Why'd it stop chasing us?
[SMILEY growls]
[CHOPPER]
What is that gross thing?
Okay. Now what?
It ate the candy.
That's a good boy.
Good Smiley.
Shuro! Shurorororo!
It's complete.
Not a living soul
can stop him now.
Shurorororo! Shurorororo!
[NARRATOR] Caesar's ultimate
poison gas weapon once turned
Punk Hazard into a
treacherous land of death.
Now, the murderous substance
threatens to swallow everything
whole and plunge the entire
island into hopeless torment
while Luffy and friends
fight to stay alive.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Deadliest Weapon of
Mass Destruction in History!
Land of the Dead!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!